For quick lessons to use the main features, choose "Brief Tutorial" from Help menu.
Press F1 at any time to see current topic related help. 
Select the drives you want to scan for unneeded files, duplicate files and invalid shortcuts from the Configuration /options dialog.
Quickly access the options dialog and more options by right-clicking on the list view.
To select multiple items in the list,hold down the Ctrl key on your keyboard and select each item with your left mouse button.
Clean your registry once in a week.
You can undo changes made to your registry, from the 'Regclean' tab of the options dialog.
Keep the autostartup program list to a minimum number, so that your computer boots faster, is protected from harmful programs, and the applications run faster.
Include your backup folders in the 'exclude'  tab of the options dialog.Folders in the exclude tab will not be scanned.
Buy Ace Utilities and you will be entitled to free future updates.
For answers to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs), choose Frequently Asked Questions from Help menu
You can add the types of files that will be considered as unneeded file using the options dialog.
You can autosize the colomns in the list to fit its contents by activating the list (click on it), and pressing Ctrl+ on the keyboard.
Send you doubts / comments etc to the author using "feedback" from the Support menu. (Even unregistered users can).
Advanced users can open a registry key in Regedit using the context menu.
Disable auto-startup programs by unchecking them and see the difference when you reboot! 

;add imporant event tips here
It is always a good idea to backup the registry, if you are cleaning registry for the first time.To Backup on Win 98/ME:- Use the 'Backup' icon below 'Clean Registry'.To restore if needed, reboot to DOS and then type scanreg /restore. To Backup on Win 2000/XP, use the Backup Utility from StartMenu/ Programs/ Accessories/ SystemTools.
Warning!!! Be careful when deleting duplicate files. You SHOULD delete only one file from each group, and that also after making sure it is duplicate.
